Chore: Add instructions for Odinbot repo to Contributing Guide (#2654)
TheOdinProject/theodinproject: CONTRIBUTING.md

Before submitting a PR for any of our exercise repos, you must make sure any tests still pass or that any images showing desired outcomes are still accurate.

<hr>

#### [Odinbot Repo](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/odin-bot-v2)

Before attempting to make any changes, be sure to read the following Wiki pages:

> * [Odinbit Commands](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/odin-bot-v2/wiki/Commands) for how to register a new command and how the callback function for a command works

Reviewer: Minor typo
```suggestion
* [Odinbot Commands](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/odin-bot-v2/wiki/Commands) for how to register a new command and how the callback function for a command works
```

> * [Odinbit Commands](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/odin-bot-v2/wiki/Commands) for how to register a new command and how the callback function for a command works
> * [Odinbot Testing](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/odin-bot-v2/wiki/Testing) for how to setup or update test files for commands
> * [Getting Started](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/odin-bot-v2/wiki/Getting-Started) for how to setup Odinbot on your own server

Reviewer: Odinbot versus Odin-Bot. I feel like Odin-Bot is more appealing, but I will leave it up to you.
```suggestion
#### [Odin-Bot Repo](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/odin-bot-v2)

Before attempting to make any changes, be sure to read the following Wiki pages:
* [Odin-Bot Commands](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/odin-bot-v2/wiki/Commands) for how to register a new command and how the callback function for a command works
* [Odin-Bot Testing](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/odin-bot-v2/wiki/Testing) for how to setup or update test files for commands
* [Getting Started](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/odin-bot-v2/wiki/Getting-Started) for how to setup Odin-Bot on your own server

```
